Remoted integration tests T1: active response send (#1118)
wazuh/wazuh-qa: docs/tests/integration/test_remoted/test_active_response/test_active_response.md

# Test active response

## Overview
These tests will check if active response command is sent correctly to the agent.

## Objective

> The objective is to check that the manager correctly sent active response to the agent and that this one receives it.

Reviewer: I would add more detail here about the test. In fact, the format of the active response messages, how they must appear in the agent, etc.

## General info

|Tier | Number of tests | Time spent |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| 0 | 8 | 4m 16s |

## Expected behavior

> - Fail if exed does not send to remoted the active response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fail if wazuh-execd does not send to remoted the active response.
```

Author: Done in 20cadf88fd2d3f4777f24434f6ca2b8e95ff0f11

> - Fail if remoted does not received the active response sent by execd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fail if wazuh-remoted does not receive the active response sent by wazuh-execd.
```

Author: Done in 20cadf88fd2d3f4777f24434f6ca2b8e95ff0f11

Author: Done in f24a9cb6c25af452389901b4e84a4c0590a4b051

> - Fail if agent does not receives active response message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fail if the agent does not receive an active response message.
```

Author: Done in f24a9cb6c25af452389901b4e84a4c0590a4b051
